What's the schedule today?
I'm going to talk to you about the new Twin Baby Dolls.
Okay.
Telephone Mrs. Asciy at the advertising agency.
I did that. Go on.
11 o'clock approved the sketches for the toy spaceship.
Where are they?
Right here.
Did you look at them?
Yes I did.
What do you think of the spaceship?
I think the kids love it.
Would you show me the drawings please?
Huh.
Now what else is on the schedule today?
Well at one o'clock you have a lunch appointment with Mr. Levine,
the client from the Toytown stores?
Where?
At Rosano's.
Anything else?
At four o'clock you have a meeting with the production staff in the conference room?
Make sure everybody is at that meeting.
We'll do.
At six year meeting Mr. Rosawa.
Oh yes. Are his models here?
They're in my office.
I'd like to see them.
Right.
What else?
Come on Sam.
You worked too hard Susan.
When was your last day off?
Hmm. I can't remember.
You really ought to take some time off.
What for?
To enjoy the simple things in life.
I know Sam.
Maybe soon.
To smell the flowers.
Wait a minute.
What's today's date?
Today is the 12th one.
It seems to me I scheduled something else.
There's nothing else in the appointment book.
I'm sure I did.
Oh well. I'll probably remember it later.
I hope it isn't important.
It's probably nothing.
Okay let's get started.
Would you call Priscilla Smith at FAO Shorts please?
Right.
These are the models from the Japanese filmmaker.
Thank you. Just put them on my desk.
And the new drawings for the toy spaceship.
Wonderful.
That was fast.
We have a new artist. She's very talented.
And what time is it anyway my watch start?
It's 1130.
What time is my lunch date with Bill Levine?
One o'clock.
Remind me to leave at 1245.
Did you remember your other appointment for today?
No.
But I have a feeling it's going to be too late when I do remember.
Yes Sam?
I just saw a mystery.
What did I forget?
You have some guests in the reception room.
What? Who?
Mr. Bennett and his daughter?
I remember.
Oh Harry.
I made a lunch date with him and his daughter weeks ago.
Is he a client?
He's a friend.
Well he's here with his daughter to have lunch.
I met her at Thanksgiving and I promised to have lunch with both of them today.
Yes indeed.
What are you going to do about your appointment with Mr. Levine?
Any suggestions?